# Thaumcraft 4.1.1.11
version:1.7
modname:Thaumcraft

var:biomes/biome_eerie=0
var:biomes/biome_magical_forest=0
var:biomes/biome_taint=0

cfgfile:config/Thaumcraft.cfg


biome:id=biomes/biome_magical_forest,grassColorMulti=55ff81,foliageColorMult=66ffc5,waterColorMult=0077ee
biome:id=biomes/biome_eerie,grassColorMulti=404840,foliageColorMult=405340,waterColorMult=2e535f
biome:id=biomes/biome_taint,grassColorMulti=6d4189,foliageColorMult=7c6d87,waterColorMult=cc1188


texturepath:assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/
texture:id=thaumcraft/adoorbot,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/adoorbot.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/adoortop,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/adoortop.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/al_furnace_front_off,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/al_furnace_front_off.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/al_furnace_side,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/al_furnace_side.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/al_furnace_top,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/al_furnace_top.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/alchemyblock,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/alchemyblock.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/amberblock,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/amberblock.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/amberblock_top,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/amberblock_top.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/amberbrick,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/amberbrick.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/amberore,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/amberore.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/applate1,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/applate1.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/arcane_stone,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/arcane_stone.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/arcaneearbottom,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/arcaneearbottom.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/arcaneearsideon,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/arcaneearsideon.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/arcaneeartopoff,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/arcaneeartopoff.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/blank,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/blank.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/brainbox,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/brainbox.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/candle,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/candle.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/cinderpearl,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/cinderpearl.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/cinnibar,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/cinnibar.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/crystal,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/crystal.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/empty,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/empty.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/fleshblock,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/fleshblock.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/fluxgas,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/fluxgas.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/fluxgoo,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/fluxgoo.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/goldbase,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/goldbase.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/greatwoodleaves,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/greatwoodleaves.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/greatwoodsapling,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/greatwoodsapling.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/greatwoodside,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/greatwoodside.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/greatwoodtop,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/greatwoodtop.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/infusedorestone,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/infusedorestone.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/lamp_fert_side,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/lamp_fert_side.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/lamp_grow_side,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/lamp_grow_side.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/lamp_side,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/lamp_side.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/lifterside,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/lifterside.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/liftertop,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/liftertop.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/manapod_2,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/manapod_2.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/manashroom,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/manashroom.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/metalbase,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/metalbase.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/mirrorframe,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/mirrorframe.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/mirrorframe2,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/mirrorframe2.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/obsidiantile,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/obsidiantile.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/paving_stone_travel,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/paving_stone_travel.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/paving_stone_warding,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/paving_stone_warding.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/pedestal_side,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/pedestal_side.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/pedestal_top,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/pedestal_top.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/pipe_1,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/pipe_1.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/pipe_buffer,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/pipe_buffer.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/pipe_restrict,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/pipe_restrict.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/planks_greatwood,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/planks_greatwood.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/planks_silverwood,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/planks_silverwood.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/shimmerleaf,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/shimmerleaf.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/silverwoodknotside,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/silverwoodknotside.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/silverwoodknottop,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/silverwoodknottop.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/silverwoodleaves,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/silverwoodleaves.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/silverwoodsapling,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/silverwoodsapling.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/silverwoodside,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/silverwoodside.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/silverwoodtop,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/silverwoodtop.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/taint_crust,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/taint_crust.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/taint_fibres,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/taint_fibres.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/taint_soil,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/taint_soil.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/taint_spore_stalk_1,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/taint_spore_stalk_1.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/taint_spore_stalk_2,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/taint_spore_stalk_2.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/taintgrass1,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/taintgrass1.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/taintgrass2,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/taintgrass2.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/tallowblock,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/tallowblock.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/tallowblock_top,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/tallowblock_top.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/thaumiumblock,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/thaumiumblock.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/wandpedestal_focus_bot,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/wandpedestal_focus_bot.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/wandpedestal_focus_side,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/wandpedestal_focus_side.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/wandpedestal_focus_top,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/wandpedestal_focus_top.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/wandpedestal_side,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/wandpedestal_side.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/wandpedestal_top,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/wandpedestal_top.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/warded_glass_1,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/warded_glass_1.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/wardedglass,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/wardedglass.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/woodplain,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/woodplain.png



# %blockFluxGoo:* (blockFluxGoo), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=thaumcraft.common.blocks.BlockFluxGoo
block:id=%blockFluxGoo,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=12000:thaumcraft/fluxgoo

# %blockFluxGas:* (blockFluxGas), render=thaumcraft.client.renderers.block.BlockGasRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=thaumcraft.common.blocks.BlockFluxGas
block:id=%blockFluxGas,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:thaumcraft/fluxgas

# %blockCustomOre:* (blockCustomOre), render=thaumcraft.client.renderers.block.BlockCustomOreRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=thaumcraft.common.blocks.BlockCustomOre
block:id=%blockCustomOre,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/cinnibar
block:id=%blockCustomOre,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/infusedorestone
block:id=%blockCustomOre,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/amberore
block:id=%blockCustomOre,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/infusedorestone

# %blockMagicalLog:* (blockMagicalLog), render=(LOG), opaque=true,cls=thaumcraft.common.blocks.BlockMagicalLog
block:id=%blockMagicalLog,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:thaumcraft/greatwoodtop,face2-5=0:thaumcraft/greatwoodside
block:id=%blockMagicalLog,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:thaumcraft/silverwoodtop,face2-5=0:thaumcraft/silverwoodside
block:id=%blockMagicalLog,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:thaumcraft/silverwoodknottop,face2-5=0:thaumcraft/silverwoodknotside
block:id=%blockMagicalLog,data=4,face0-1=0:thaumcraft/greatwoodside,face2-3=4000:thaumcraft/greatwoodside,face4-5=0:thaumcraft/greatwoodtop
block:id=%blockMagicalLog,data=5,face0-1=0:thaumcraft/silverwoodside,face2-3=4000:thaumcraft/silverwoodside,face4-5=0:thaumcraft/silverwoodtop
block:id=%blockMagicalLog,data=6,face0-1=0:thaumcraft/silverwoodknotside,face2-3=4000:thaumcraft/silverwoodknotside,face4-5=0:thaumcraft/silverwoodknottop
block:id=%blockMagicalLog,data=8,face0-1=4000:thaumcraft/greatwoodside,face2-3=0:thaumcraft/greatwoodtop,face4-5=4000:thaumcraft/greatwoodside
block:id=%blockMagicalLog,data=9,face0-1=4000:thaumcraft/silverwoodside,face2-3=0:thaumcraft/silverwoodtop,face4-5=4000:thaumcraft/silverwoodside
block:id=%blockMagicalLog,data=10,face0-1=4000:thaumcraft/silverwoodknotside,face2-3=0:thaumcraft/silverwoodknottop,face4-5=4000:thaumcraft/silverwoodknotside
block:id=%blockMagicalLog,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/greatwoodside
block:id=%blockMagicalLog,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/silverwoodside
block:id=%blockMagicalLog,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/silverwoodknotside

# %blockMagicalLeaves:* (blockMagicalLeaves), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=thaumcraft.common.blocks.BlockMagicalLeaves
block:id=%blockMagicalLeaves,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:thaumcraft/greatwoodleaves
block:id=%blockMagicalLeaves,data=1,stdrot=true,colorMult=8899AA,face0-5=17000:thaumcraft/silverwoodleaves
block:id=%blockMagicalLeaves,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:thaumcraft/greatwoodleaves
block:id=%blockMagicalLeaves,data=3,stdrot=true,colorMult=8899AA,face0-5=17000:thaumcraft/silverwoodleaves
block:id=%blockMagicalLeaves,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:thaumcraft/greatwoodleaves
block:id=%blockMagicalLeaves,data=5,stdrot=true,colorMult=8899AA,face0-5=17000:thaumcraft/silverwoodleaves
block:id=%blockMagicalLeaves,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:thaumcraft/greatwoodleaves
block:id=%blockMagicalLeaves,data=7,stdrot=true,colorMult=8899AA,face0-5=17000:thaumcraft/silverwoodleaves
block:id=%blockMagicalLeaves,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:thaumcraft/greatwoodleaves
block:id=%blockMagicalLeaves,data=9,stdrot=true,colorMult=8899AA,face0-5=17000:thaumcraft/silverwoodleaves
block:id=%blockMagicalLeaves,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:thaumcraft/greatwoodleaves
block:id=%blockMagicalLeaves,data=11,stdrot=true,colorMult=8899AA,face0-5=17000:thaumcraft/silverwoodleaves
block:id=%blockMagicalLeaves,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:thaumcraft/greatwoodleaves
block:id=%blockMagicalLeaves,data=13,stdrot=true,colorMult=8899AA,face0-5=17000:thaumcraft/silverwoodleaves
block:id=%blockMagicalLeaves,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:thaumcraft/greatwoodleaves
block:id=%blockMagicalLeaves,data=15,stdrot=true,colorMult=8899AA,face0-5=17000:thaumcraft/silverwoodleaves

# %blockCustomPlant:* (blockCustomPlant), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=thaumcraft.common.blocks.BlockCustomPlant
block:id=%blockCustomPlant,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumcraft/greatwoodsapling
block:id=%blockCustomPlant,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumcraft/silverwoodsapling
block:id=%blockCustomPlant,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumcraft/shimmerleaf
block:id=%blockCustomPlant,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumcraft/cinderpearl
block:id=%blockCustomPlant,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumcraft/blank
block:id=%blockCustomPlant,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumcraft/manashroom

# %blockTaint:* (blockTaint), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=thaumcraft.common.blocks.BlockTaint
block:id=%blockTaint,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/taint_crust
block:id=%blockTaint,data=1,stdrot=true,colorMult=6D4189,face0-5=17000:thaumcraft/taint_soil
block:id=%blockTaint,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/fleshblock
block:id=%blockTaint,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/taint_crust

# %blockTaintFibres:* (blockTaintFibres), render=thaumcraft.client.renderers.block.BlockTaintFibreRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=thaumcraft.common.blocks.BlockTaintFibres
block:id=%blockTaintFibres,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FF7CBD6B,face0-5=17000:thaumcraft/taint_fibres
block:id=%blockTaintFibres,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FF7CBD6B,face0-5=17000:thaumcraft/taintgrass1
block:id=%blockTaintFibres,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FF7CBD6B,face0-5=17000:thaumcraft/taintgrass2
block:id=%blockTaintFibres,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FF7CBD6B,face0-5=17000:thaumcraft/taint_spore_stalk_1
block:id=%blockTaintFibres,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FF7CBD6B,face0-5=17000:thaumcraft/taint_spore_stalk_2

# %blockCosmeticOpaque:* (blockCosmeticOpaque), render=thaumcraft.client.renderers.block.BlockCosmeticOpaqueRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=thaumcraft.common.blocks.BlockCosmeticOpaque
block:id=%blockCosmeticOpaque,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=12000:thaumcraft/amberblock_top,face2-5=12000:thaumcraft/amberblock
block:id=%blockCosmeticOpaque,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:thaumcraft/amberbrick
block:id=%blockCosmeticOpaque,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:thaumcraft/warded_glass_1

# %blockCosmeticSolid:* (blockCosmeticSolid), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=thaumcraft.common.blocks.BlockCosmeticSolid
block:id=%blockCosmeticSolid,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/obsidiantile
block:id=%blockCosmeticSolid,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/paving_stone_travel
block:id=%blockCosmeticSolid,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/paving_stone_warding
block:id=%blockCosmeticSolid,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/thaumiumblock
block:id=%blockCosmeticSolid,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:thaumcraft/tallowblock_top,face2-5=0:thaumcraft/tallowblock
block:id=%blockCosmeticSolid,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/pedestal_top
block:id=%blockCosmeticSolid,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/arcane_stone
block:id=%blockCosmeticSolid,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/obsidiantile

# %blockCrystal:* (blockCrystal), render=thaumcraft.client.renderers.block.BlockCrystalRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=thaumcraft.common.blocks.BlockCrystal
block:id=%blockCrystal,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/crystal

# %blockTube:* (blockTube), render=thaumcraft.client.renderers.block.BlockTubeRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=thaumcraft.common.blocks.BlockTube
block:id=%blockTube,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/pipe_1
block:id=%blockTube,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/pipe_1
block:id=%blockTube,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/pipe_buffer
block:id=%blockTube,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/pipe_restrict
block:id=%blockTube,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/pipe_1

# %blockMetalDevice:* (blockMetalDevice), render=thaumcraft.client.renderers.block.BlockMetalDeviceRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=thaumcraft.common.blocks.BlockMetalDevice
block:id=%blockMetalDevice,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/metalbase
block:id=%blockMetalDevice,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/goldbase
block:id=%blockMetalDevice,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/metalbase
block:id=%blockMetalDevice,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/lamp_side
block:id=%blockMetalDevice,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/lamp_grow_side
block:id=%blockMetalDevice,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/alchemyblock
block:id=%blockMetalDevice,data=10,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/alchemyblock
block:id=%blockMetalDevice,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/brainbox
block:id=%blockMetalDevice,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/lamp_fert_side
block:id=%blockMetalDevice,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/goldbase

# %blockWoodenDevice:* (blockWoodenDevice), render=thaumcraft.client.renderers.block.BlockWoodenDeviceRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=thaumcraft.common.blocks.BlockWoodenDevice
block:id=%blockWoodenDevice,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/woodplain
block:id=%blockWoodenDevice,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:thaumcraft/arcaneearbottom,face1=0:thaumcraft/arcaneeartopoff,face2-5=0:thaumcraft/arcaneearsideon
block:id=%blockWoodenDevice,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/applate1
block:id=%blockWoodenDevice,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:thaumcraft/arcaneearbottom,face1=0:thaumcraft/arcaneeartopoff,face2-5=0:thaumcraft/arcaneearsideon
block:id=%blockWoodenDevice,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/planks_greatwood
block:id=%blockWoodenDevice,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/planks_silverwood
block:id=%blockWoodenDevice,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:thaumcraft/arcaneearbottom,face1=0:thaumcraft/arcaneeartopoff,face2-5=0:thaumcraft/arcaneearsideon

# %blockStoneDevice:* (blockStoneDevice), render=thaumcraft.client.renderers.block.BlockStoneDeviceRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=thaumcraft.common.blocks.BlockStoneDevice
block:id=%blockStoneDevice,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:thaumcraft/al_furnace_side,face1=0:thaumcraft/al_furnace_top,face2-5=0:thaumcraft/al_furnace_front_off
block:id=%blockStoneDevice,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:thaumcraft/pedestal_top,face2-5=0:thaumcraft/pedestal_side
block:id=%blockStoneDevice,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/al_furnace_side
block:id=%blockStoneDevice,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/al_furnace_side
block:id=%blockStoneDevice,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:thaumcraft/pedestal_top,face1=0:thaumcraft/wandpedestal_top,face2-5=0:thaumcraft/wandpedestal_side
block:id=%blockStoneDevice,data=6,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/al_furnace_side
block:id=%blockStoneDevice,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:thaumcraft/wandpedestal_focus_bot,face1=0:thaumcraft/wandpedestal_focus_top,face2-5=0:thaumcraft/wandpedestal_focus_side
block:id=%blockStoneDevice,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/al_furnace_side

# %blockMirror:* (blockMirror), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=thaumcraft.common.blocks.BlockMirror
block:id=%blockMirror,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/mirrorframe
block:id=%blockMirror,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/mirrorframe2

# %blockTable:* (blockTable), render=thaumcraft.client.renderers.block.BlockTableRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=thaumcraft.common.blocks.BlockTable
block:id=%blockTable,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/woodplain

# %blockChestHungry:* (blockChestHungry), render=thaumcraft.client.renderers.block.BlockChestHungryRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=thaumcraft.common.blocks.BlockChestHungry
block:id=%blockChestHungry,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/woodplain

# %blockArcaneDoor:* (blockArcaneDoor), render=(DOOR), opaque=false,cls=thaumcraft.common.blocks.BlockArcaneDoor
block:id=%blockArcaneDoor,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumcraft/adoortop,patch1=0:thaumcraft/adoorbot

# %blockLifter:* (blockLifter), render=thaumcraft.client.renderers.block.BlockLifterRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=thaumcraft.common.blocks.BlockLifter
block:id=%blockLifter,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:thaumcraft/arcaneearbottom,face1=0:thaumcraft/liftertop,face2-5=0:thaumcraft/lifterside

# %blockMagicBox:* (blockMagicBox), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=thaumcraft.common.blocks.BlockMagicBox
block:id=%blockMagicBox,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/woodplain

# %blockJar:* (blockJar), render=thaumcraft.client.renderers.block.BlockJarRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=thaumcraft.common.blocks.BlockJar
block:id=%blockJar,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/wardedglass

# %blockCandle:* (blockCandle), render=thaumcraft.client.renderers.block.BlockCandleRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=thaumcraft.common.blocks.BlockCandle
block:id=%blockCandle,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=F0F0F0,face0-5=17000:thaumcraft/candle
block:id=%blockCandle,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=EB8844,face0-5=17000:thaumcraft/candle
block:id=%blockCandle,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=C354CD,face0-5=17000:thaumcraft/candle
block:id=%blockCandle,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=6689D3,face0-5=17000:thaumcraft/candle
block:id=%blockCandle,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=DECF2A,face0-5=17000:thaumcraft/candle
block:id=%blockCandle,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=41CD34,face0-5=17000:thaumcraft/candle
block:id=%blockCandle,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=D88198,face0-5=17000:thaumcraft/candle
block:id=%blockCandle,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=434343,face0-5=17000:thaumcraft/candle
block:id=%blockCandle,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=A0A0A0,face0-5=17000:thaumcraft/candle
block:id=%blockCandle,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=287697,face0-5=17000:thaumcraft/candle
block:id=%blockCandle,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=7B2FBE,face0-5=17000:thaumcraft/candle
block:id=%blockCandle,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=253192,face0-5=17000:thaumcraft/candle
block:id=%blockCandle,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=51301A,face0-5=17000:thaumcraft/candle
block:id=%blockCandle,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=3B511A,face0-5=17000:thaumcraft/candle
block:id=%blockCandle,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=B3312C,face0-5=17000:thaumcraft/candle
block:id=%blockCandle,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=1E1B1B,face0-5=17000:thaumcraft/candle

# %blockAiry:* (blockAiry), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=thaumcraft.common.blocks.BlockAiry
block:id=%blockAiry,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/blank

# %blockManaPod:* (blockManaPod), render=(COCOA), opaque=false,cls=thaumcraft.common.blocks.BlockManaPod
block:id=%blockManaPod,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/manapod_2

# %blockWarded:* (blockWarded), render=thaumcraft.client.renderers.block.BlockWardedRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=thaumcraft.common.blocks.BlockWarded
block:id=%blockWarded,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/blank

# %blockHole:* (blockHole), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=thaumcraft.common.blocks.BlockHole
block:id=%blockHole,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/blank
block:id=%blockHole,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/empty
