# TwilightForest 2.2.0
version:1.7
modname:TwilightForest


cfgfile:config/TwilightForest.cfg


texturepath:assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/
texture:id=TwilightForest/TFCicada,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/TFCicada.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/TFFirefly,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/TFFirefly.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/TFMoonworm,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/TFMoonworm.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/brown_thorns_side,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/brown_thorns_side.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/brown_thorns_top,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/brown_thorns_top.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/burnt_thorns_side,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/burnt_thorns_side.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/burnt_thorns_top,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/burnt_thorns_top.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/canopy_side,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/canopy_side.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/canopy_top,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/canopy_top.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/cloverpatch,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/cloverpatch.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/darkwood_leaves,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/darkwood_leaves.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/darkwood_leaves2,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/darkwood_leaves2.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/darkwood_side,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/darkwood_side.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/darkwood_top,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/darkwood_top.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/deadrock_cracked,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/deadrock_cracked.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/deadrock_solid,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/deadrock_solid.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/deadrock_surface,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/deadrock_surface.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/fiddlehead,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/fiddlehead.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/fireflyjar_side,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/fireflyjar_side.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/fireflyjar_top,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/fireflyjar_top.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/firejet_side,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/firejet_side.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/firejet_top,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/firejet_top.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/green_thorns_side,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/green_thorns_side.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/green_thorns_top,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/green_thorns_top.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/hedge,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/hedge.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/knightbrick,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/knightbrick.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/knightbrick_cracked,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/knightbrick_cracked.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/knightbrick_mossy,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/knightbrick_mossy.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/mangrove_side,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/mangrove_side.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/mangrove_top,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/mangrove_top.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/mayapple,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/mayapple.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/mazestone_border,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/mazestone_border.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/mazestone_brick,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/mazestone_brick.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/mazestone_cracked,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/mazestone_cracked.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/mazestone_decorative,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/mazestone_decorative.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/mazestone_mosaic,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/mazestone_mosaic.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/mazestone_mossy,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/mazestone_mossy.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/mazestone_pillar,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/mazestone_pillar.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/mazestone_plain,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/mazestone_plain.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/mine_gem,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/mine_gem.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/mine_gem_off,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/mine_gem_off.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/mine_section,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/mine_section.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/mine_side,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/mine_side.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/mosspatch,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/mosspatch.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/mushgloom,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/mushgloom.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/nagastone_bottom_long,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/nagastone_bottom_long.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/nagastone_bottom_tip,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/nagastone_bottom_tip.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/nagastone_cross_section.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/nagastone_face_front,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/nagastone_face_front.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/nagastone_face_left,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/nagastone_face_left.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/nagastone_face_right,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/nagastone_face_right.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/nagastone_left_down,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/nagastone_left_down.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/nagastone_left_up,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/nagastone_left_up.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/nagastone_long_side,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/nagastone_long_side.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/nagastone_right_down,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/nagastone_right_down.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/nagastone_right_up,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/nagastone_right_up.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/nagastone_tip_left,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/nagastone_tip_left.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/nagastone_tip_long,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/nagastone_tip_long.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/nagastone_tip_right,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/nagastone_tip_right.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/nagastone_top_tip,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/nagastone_top_tip.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/nagastone_turn_top,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/nagastone_turn_top.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/oak_side,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/oak_side.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/oak_top,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/oak_top.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/oreroots,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/oreroots.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/pedestal_hydra,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/pedestal_hydra.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/pedestal_hydra_active,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/pedestal_hydra_active.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/pedestal_lich,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/pedestal_lich.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/pedestal_lich_active,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/pedestal_lich_active.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/pedestal_naga,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/pedestal_naga.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/pedestal_naga_active,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/pedestal_naga_active.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/pedestal_top,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/pedestal_top.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/pedestal_top_active,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/pedestal_top_active.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/pedestal_urghast,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/pedestal_urghast.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/pedestal_urghast_active,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/pedestal_urghast_active.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/rootblock,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/rootblock.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/rootstrand,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/rootstrand.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/sapling_canopy,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/sapling_canopy.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/sapling_darkwood,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/sapling_darkwood.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/sapling_hollow_oak,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/sapling_hollow_oak.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/sapling_mangrove,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/sapling_mangrove.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/sapling_mining,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/sapling_mining.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/sapling_oak,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/sapling_oak.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/sapling_rainboak,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/sapling_rainboak.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/sapling_sorting,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/sapling_sorting.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/sapling_time,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/sapling_time.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/sapling_transformation,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/sapling_transformation.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/shield_inside,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/shield_inside.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/shield_outside,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/shield_outside.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/sort_eye,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/sort_eye.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/sort_eye_off,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/sort_eye_off.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/sort_leaves,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/sort_leaves.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/sort_section,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/sort_section.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/sort_side,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/sort_side.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/thornRose,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/thornRose.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/time_clock,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/time_clock.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/time_clock_off,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/time_clock_off.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/time_leaves,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/time_leaves.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/time_section,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/time_section.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/time_side,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/time_side.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/torchberry,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/torchberry.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_antibuilder,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_antibuilder.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_antibuilt,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_antibuilt.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_builder_off,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_builder_off.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_builder_on,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_builder_on.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_builder_timeout,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_builder_timeout.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_built_off,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_built_off.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_built_on,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_built_on.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_firejet_off,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_firejet_off.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_firejet_on,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_firejet_on.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_ghasttrap_off,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_ghasttrap_off.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_ghasttrap_on,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_ghasttrap_on.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_ghasttraplid_off,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_ghasttraplid_off.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_ghasttraplid_on,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_ghasttraplid_on.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_lock_off,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_lock_off.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_lock_on,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_lock_on.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_reactor_off,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_reactor_off.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_reactor_on,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_reactor_on.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_reappearing_off,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_reappearing_off.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_reappearing_on,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_reappearing_on.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_reappearing_trace_off,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_reappearing_trace_off.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_reappearing_trace_on,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_reappearing_trace_on.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_smoker_off,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_smoker_off.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_smoker_on,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_smoker_on.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_vanish_off,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_vanish_off.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_vanish_on,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_vanish_on.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerwood_cracked,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerwood_cracked.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerwood_encased,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerwood_encased.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerwood_infested,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerwood_infested.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerwood_mossy,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerwood_mossy.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerwood_planks,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerwood_planks.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/trans_heart,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/trans_heart.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/trans_heart_off,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/trans_heart_off.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/trans_leaves,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/trans_leaves.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/trans_section,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/trans_section.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/trans_side,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/trans_side.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/uncrafting_side,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/uncrafting_side.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/uncrafting_top,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/uncrafting_top.png
texture:id=minecraft/bedrock,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/bedrock.png
texture:id=minecraft/deadbush,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/deadbush.png
texture:id=minecraft/diamond_block,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/diamond_block.png
texture:id=minecraft/gold_block,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/gold_block.png
texture:id=minecraft/leaves_birch,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/leaves_birch.png
texture:id=minecraft/leaves_jungle,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/leaves_jungle.png
texture:id=minecraft/leaves_oak,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/leaves_oak.png
texture:id=minecraft/leaves_spruce,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/leaves_spruce.png
texture:id=minecraft/mob_spawner,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/mob_spawner.png
texture:id=minecraft/netherrack,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/netherrack.png
texture:id=minecraft/obsidian,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/obsidian.png
texture:id=minecraft/portal,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/portal.png
texture:id=minecraft/quartz_block_bottom,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/quartz_block_bottom.png
texture:id=minecraft/quartz_block_top,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/quartz_block_top.png
texture:id=minecraft/soul_sand,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/soul_sand.png
texture:id=minecraft/tallgrass,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/tallgrass.png



# %tile.TFLog:* (tile.TFLog), render=(LOG), opaque=true,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFLog
block:id=%tile.TFLog,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/oak_top,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/oak_side
block:id=%tile.TFLog,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/canopy_top,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/canopy_side
block:id=%tile.TFLog,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/mangrove_top,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/mangrove_side
block:id=%tile.TFLog,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/darkwood_top,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/darkwood_side
block:id=%tile.TFLog,data=4,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/oak_side,face2-3=4000:TwilightForest/oak_side,face4-5=0:TwilightForest/oak_top
block:id=%tile.TFLog,data=5,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/canopy_side,face2-3=4000:TwilightForest/canopy_side,face4-5=0:TwilightForest/canopy_top
block:id=%tile.TFLog,data=6,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/mangrove_side,face2-3=4000:TwilightForest/mangrove_side,face4-5=0:TwilightForest/mangrove_top
block:id=%tile.TFLog,data=7,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/darkwood_side,face2-3=4000:TwilightForest/darkwood_side,face4-5=0:TwilightForest/darkwood_top
block:id=%tile.TFLog,data=8,face0-1=4000:TwilightForest/oak_side,face2-3=0:TwilightForest/oak_top,face4-5=4000:TwilightForest/oak_side
block:id=%tile.TFLog,data=9,face0-1=4000:TwilightForest/canopy_side,face2-3=0:TwilightForest/canopy_top,face4-5=4000:TwilightForest/canopy_side
block:id=%tile.TFLog,data=10,face0-1=4000:TwilightForest/mangrove_side,face2-3=0:TwilightForest/mangrove_top,face4-5=4000:TwilightForest/mangrove_side
block:id=%tile.TFLog,data=11,face0-1=4000:TwilightForest/darkwood_side,face2-3=0:TwilightForest/darkwood_top,face4-5=4000:TwilightForest/darkwood_side
block:id=%tile.TFLog,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/oak_side
block:id=%tile.TFLog,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/canopy_side
block:id=%tile.TFLog,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/mangrove_side
block:id=%tile.TFLog,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/darkwood_side

# %tile.TFRoots:* (tile.TFRoots), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFRoots
block:id=%tile.TFRoots,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/rootblock
block:id=%tile.TFRoots,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/oreroots
block:id=%tile.TFRoots,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/rootblock

# %tile.TFLeaves:* (tile.TFLeaves), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFLeaves
block:id=%tile.TFLeaves,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:minecraft/leaves_oak
block:id=%tile.TFLeaves,data=1,stdrot=true,colorMult=609860,face0-5=17000:minecraft/leaves_spruce
block:id=%tile.TFLeaves,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=14000:minecraft/leaves_birch
block:id=%tile.TFLeaves,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:minecraft/leaves_oak
block:id=%tile.TFLeaves,data=5,stdrot=true,colorMult=609860,face0-5=17000:minecraft/leaves_spruce
block:id=%tile.TFLeaves,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=14000:minecraft/leaves_birch
block:id=%tile.TFLeaves,data=7,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:minecraft/leaves_oak
block:id=%tile.TFLeaves,data=9,stdrot=true,colorMult=609860,face0-5=17000:minecraft/leaves_spruce
block:id=%tile.TFLeaves,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=14000:minecraft/leaves_birch
block:id=%tile.TFLeaves,data=11,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:minecraft/leaves_oak
block:id=%tile.TFLeaves,data=13,stdrot=true,colorMult=609860,face0-5=17000:minecraft/leaves_spruce
block:id=%tile.TFLeaves,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=14000:minecraft/leaves_birch
block:id=%tile.TFLeaves,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:minecraft/leaves_oak

# %tile.TFFirefly:* (tile.TFFirefly), render=twilightforest.client.renderer.blocks.RenderBlockTFCritters(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFFirefly
block:id=%tile.TFFirefly,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/TFFirefly

# %tile.TFCicada:* (tile.TFCicada), render=twilightforest.client.renderer.blocks.RenderBlockTFCritters(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFCicada
block:id=%tile.TFCicada,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/TFCicada

# %tile.TFPortal:* (tile.TFPortal), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFPortal
block:id=%tile.TFPortal,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/portal

# %tile.TFMazestone:* (tile.TFMazestone), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFMazestone
block:id=%tile.TFMazestone,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/mazestone_plain
block:id=%tile.TFMazestone,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/mazestone_brick
block:id=%tile.TFMazestone,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/mazestone_plain,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/mazestone_pillar
block:id=%tile.TFMazestone,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/mazestone_brick,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/mazestone_decorative
block:id=%tile.TFMazestone,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/mazestone_cracked
block:id=%tile.TFMazestone,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/mazestone_mossy
block:id=%tile.TFMazestone,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/mazestone_mosaic,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/mazestone_brick
block:id=%tile.TFMazestone,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/mazestone_border,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/mazestone_brick
block:id=%tile.TFMazestone,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/mazestone_plain

# %tile.TFHedge:* (tile.TFHedge), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFHedge
block:id=%tile.TFHedge,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/hedge
block:id=%tile.TFHedge,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/darkwood_leaves
block:id=%tile.TFHedge,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/hedge

# %tile.TFBossSpawner:* (tile.TFBossSpawner), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFBossSpawner
block:id=%tile.TFBossSpawner,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/mob_spawner

# %tile.TFFireflyJar:* (tile.TFFireflyJar), render=twilightforest.client.renderer.blocks.RenderBlockTFFireflyJar(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFFireflyJar
block:id=%tile.TFFireflyJar,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/fireflyjar_top,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/fireflyjar_side

# %tile.TFPlant:* (tile.TFPlant), render=twilightforest.client.renderer.blocks.RenderBlockTFPlants(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFPlant
block:id=%tile.TFPlant,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/mosspatch
block:id=%tile.TFPlant,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=2000:TwilightForest/mayapple
block:id=%tile.TFPlant,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=2000:TwilightForest/cloverpatch
block:id=%tile.TFPlant,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:TwilightForest/fiddlehead
block:id=%tile.TFPlant,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/mushgloom
block:id=%tile.TFPlant,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:minecraft/tallgrass
block:id=%tile.TFPlant,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/deadbush
block:id=%tile.TFPlant,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/torchberry
block:id=%tile.TFPlant,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/rootstrand

# %tile.TFUncraftingTable:* (tile.TFUncraftingTable), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFUncraftingTable
block:id=%tile.TFUncraftingTable,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:TwilightForest/uncrafting_side,face1=0:TwilightForest/uncrafting_top,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/uncrafting_side

# %tile.TFFireJet:* (tile.TFFireJet), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFFireJet
block:id=%tile.TFFireJet,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:TwilightForest/firejet_side,face1=0:TwilightForest/firejet_top,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/firejet_side
block:id=%tile.TFFireJet,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:TwilightForest/towerwood_encased,face1=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_ghasttraplid_off,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_smoker_off
block:id=%tile.TFFireJet,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:TwilightForest/towerwood_encased,face1=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_ghasttraplid_on,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_smoker_on
block:id=%tile.TFFireJet,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:TwilightForest/firejet_side,face1=0:TwilightForest/firejet_top,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/firejet_side
block:id=%tile.TFFireJet,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:TwilightForest/towerwood_encased,face1=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_ghasttraplid_off,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_firejet_off
block:id=%tile.TFFireJet,data=12,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:TwilightForest/towerwood_encased,face1=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_ghasttraplid_on,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_firejet_on
block:id=%tile.TFFireJet,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:TwilightForest/firejet_side,face1=0:TwilightForest/firejet_top,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/firejet_side

# %tile.TFNagastone:* (tile.TFNagastone), render=twilightforest.client.renderer.blocks.RenderBlockTFNagastone(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFNagastone
block:id=%tile.TFNagastone,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_bottom_tip,face1=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_top_tip,face2=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_face_front,face3=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section,face4-5=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_face_left
block:id=%tile.TFNagastone,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_bottom_tip,face1=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_top_tip,face2=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section,face3=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_face_front,face4-5=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_face_right
block:id=%tile.TFNagastone,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_bottom_tip,face1=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_top_tip,face2-3=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_face_left,face4=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_face_front,face5=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section
block:id=%tile.TFNagastone,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_bottom_tip,face1=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_top_tip,face2-3=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_face_right,face4=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section,face5=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_face_front
block:id=%tile.TFNagastone,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section,face1=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_top_tip,face2=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section,face3=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_tip_right,face4-5=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_left_down
block:id=%tile.TFNagastone,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section,face1=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_top_tip,face2=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_tip_left,face3=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section,face4-5=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_right_down
block:id=%tile.TFNagastone,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section,face1=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_top_tip,face2-3=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_left_down,face4=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section,face5=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_tip_left
block:id=%tile.TFNagastone,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section,face1=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_top_tip,face2-3=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_right_down,face4=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_tip_right,face5=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section
block:id=%tile.TFNagastone,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_bottom_tip,face1-2=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section,face3=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_tip_left,face4-5=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_left_up
block:id=%tile.TFNagastone,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_bottom_tip,face1=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section,face2=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_tip_right,face3=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section,face4-5=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_right_up
block:id=%tile.TFNagastone,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_bottom_tip,face1=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section,face2-3=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_left_up,face4=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section,face5=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_tip_left
block:id=%tile.TFNagastone,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_bottom_tip,face1=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section,face2-3=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_right_up,face4=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_tip_left,face5=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section
block:id=%tile.TFNagastone,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_bottom_long,face1=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_tip_long,face2-3=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_long_side,face4-5=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section
block:id=%tile.TFNagastone,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_bottom_long,face1=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_tip_long,face2-3=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section,face4-5=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_long_side
block:id=%tile.TFNagastone,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_long_side
block:id=%tile.TFNagastone,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section,face1=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_turn_top,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_long_side

# %tile.TFSapling:* (tile.TFSapling), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFSapling
block:id=%tile.TFSapling,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:TwilightForest/sapling_oak
block:id=%tile.TFSapling,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:TwilightForest/sapling_canopy
block:id=%tile.TFSapling,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:TwilightForest/sapling_mangrove
block:id=%tile.TFSapling,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:TwilightForest/sapling_darkwood
block:id=%tile.TFSapling,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:TwilightForest/sapling_hollow_oak
block:id=%tile.TFSapling,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:TwilightForest/sapling_time
block:id=%tile.TFSapling,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:TwilightForest/sapling_transformation
block:id=%tile.TFSapling,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:TwilightForest/sapling_mining
block:id=%tile.TFSapling,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:TwilightForest/sapling_sorting
block:id=%tile.TFSapling,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:TwilightForest/sapling_rainboak

# %tile.TFMoonworm:* (tile.TFMoonworm), render=twilightforest.client.renderer.blocks.RenderBlockTFCritters(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFMoonworm
block:id=%tile.TFMoonworm,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/TFMoonworm

# %tile.TFMagicLog:* (tile.TFMagicLog), render=(LOG), opaque=true,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFMagicLog
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLog,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/time_section,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/time_side
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLog,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/trans_section,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/trans_side
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLog,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/mine_section,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/mine_side
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLog,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/sort_section,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/sort_side
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLog,data=4,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/time_side,face2-3=4000:TwilightForest/time_side,face4-5=0:TwilightForest/time_section
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLog,data=5,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/trans_side,face2-3=4000:TwilightForest/trans_side,face4-5=0:TwilightForest/trans_section
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLog,data=6,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/mine_side,face2-3=4000:TwilightForest/mine_side,face4-5=0:TwilightForest/mine_section
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLog,data=7,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/sort_side,face2-3=4000:TwilightForest/sort_side,face4-5=0:TwilightForest/sort_section
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLog,data=8,face0-1=4000:TwilightForest/time_side,face2-3=0:TwilightForest/time_section,face4-5=4000:TwilightForest/time_side
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLog,data=9,face0-1=4000:TwilightForest/trans_side,face2-3=0:TwilightForest/trans_section,face4-5=4000:TwilightForest/trans_side
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLog,data=10,face0-1=4000:TwilightForest/mine_side,face2-3=0:TwilightForest/mine_section,face4-5=4000:TwilightForest/mine_side
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLog,data=11,face0-1=4000:TwilightForest/sort_side,face2-3=0:TwilightForest/sort_section,face4-5=4000:TwilightForest/sort_side
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLog,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/time_side
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLog,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/trans_side
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLog,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/mine_side
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLog,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/sort_side

# %tile.TFMagicLeaves:* (tile.TFMagicLeaves), render=twilightforest.client.renderer.blocks.RenderBlockTFMagicLeaves(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFMagicLeaves
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLeaves,data=0,stdrot=true,colorMult=6A9C17,face0-5=17000:TwilightForest/time_leaves
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLeaves,data=1,stdrot=true,colorMult=6CCCEA,face0-5=17000:TwilightForest/trans_leaves
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLeaves,data=2,stdrot=true,colorMult=FCF144,face0-5=17000:TwilightForest/time_leaves
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLeaves,data=3,stdrot=true,colorMult=364C03,face0-5=17000:TwilightForest/sort_leaves
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLeaves,data=4,stdrot=true,colorMult=6A9C17,face0-5=17000:TwilightForest/time_leaves
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLeaves,data=5,stdrot=true,colorMult=6CCCEA,face0-5=17000:TwilightForest/trans_leaves
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLeaves,data=6,stdrot=true,colorMult=FCF144,face0-5=17000:TwilightForest/time_leaves
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLeaves,data=7,stdrot=true,colorMult=364C03,face0-5=17000:TwilightForest/sort_leaves
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLeaves,data=8,stdrot=true,colorMult=6A9C17,face0-5=17000:TwilightForest/time_leaves
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLeaves,data=9,stdrot=true,colorMult=6CCCEA,face0-5=17000:TwilightForest/trans_leaves
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLeaves,data=10,stdrot=true,colorMult=FCF144,face0-5=17000:TwilightForest/time_leaves
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLeaves,data=11,stdrot=true,colorMult=364C03,face0-5=17000:TwilightForest/sort_leaves
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLeaves,data=12,stdrot=true,colorMult=6A9C17,face0-5=17000:TwilightForest/time_leaves
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLeaves,data=13,stdrot=true,colorMult=6CCCEA,face0-5=17000:TwilightForest/trans_leaves
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLeaves,data=14,stdrot=true,colorMult=FCF144,face0-5=17000:TwilightForest/time_leaves
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLeaves,data=15,stdrot=true,colorMult=364C03,face0-5=17000:TwilightForest/sort_leaves

# %tile.TFMagicLogSpecial:* (tile.TFMagicLogSpecial), render=(LOG), opaque=true,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFMagicLogSpecial
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLogSpecial,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/time_section,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/time_clock
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLogSpecial,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/trans_section,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/trans_heart
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLogSpecial,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/mine_section,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/mine_gem
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLogSpecial,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/sort_section,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/sort_eye
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLogSpecial,data=4,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/time_clock,face2-3=4000:TwilightForest/time_clock,face4-5=0:TwilightForest/time_section
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLogSpecial,data=5,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/trans_heart,face2-3=4000:TwilightForest/trans_heart,face4-5=0:TwilightForest/trans_section
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLogSpecial,data=6,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/mine_gem,face2-3=4000:TwilightForest/mine_gem,face4-5=0:TwilightForest/mine_section
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLogSpecial,data=7,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/sort_eye,face2-3=4000:TwilightForest/sort_eye,face4-5=0:TwilightForest/sort_section
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLogSpecial,data=8,face0-1=4000:TwilightForest/time_clock,face2-3=0:TwilightForest/time_section,face4-5=4000:TwilightForest/time_clock
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLogSpecial,data=9,face0-1=4000:TwilightForest/trans_heart,face2-3=0:TwilightForest/trans_section,face4-5=4000:TwilightForest/trans_heart
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLogSpecial,data=10,face0-1=4000:TwilightForest/mine_gem,face2-3=0:TwilightForest/mine_section,face4-5=4000:TwilightForest/mine_gem
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLogSpecial,data=11,face0-1=4000:TwilightForest/sort_eye,face2-3=0:TwilightForest/sort_section,face4-5=4000:TwilightForest/sort_eye
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLogSpecial,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/time_section,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/time_clock_off
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLogSpecial,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/trans_section,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/trans_heart_off
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLogSpecial,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/mine_section,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/mine_gem_off
block:id=%tile.TFMagicLogSpecial,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/sort_section,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/sort_eye_off

# %tile.TFTowerStone:* (tile.TFTowerStone), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFTowerWood
block:id=%tile.TFTowerStone,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerwood_planks
block:id=%tile.TFTowerStone,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerwood_encased
block:id=%tile.TFTowerStone,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerwood_cracked
block:id=%tile.TFTowerStone,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerwood_mossy
block:id=%tile.TFTowerStone,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerwood_infested
block:id=%tile.TFTowerStone,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerwood_planks

# %tile.TFTowerDevice:* (tile.TFTowerDevice), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFTowerDevice
block:id=%tile.TFTowerDevice,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_reappearing_off
block:id=%tile.TFTowerDevice,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_reappearing_on
block:id=%tile.TFTowerDevice,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_vanish_off
block:id=%tile.TFTowerDevice,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_vanish_on
block:id=%tile.TFTowerDevice,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_lock_on
block:id=%tile.TFTowerDevice,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_lock_off
block:id=%tile.TFTowerDevice,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_builder_off
block:id=%tile.TFTowerDevice,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_builder_on
block:id=%tile.TFTowerDevice,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_builder_timeout
block:id=%tile.TFTowerDevice,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_antibuilder
block:id=%tile.TFTowerDevice,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:TwilightForest/towerwood_encased,face1=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_ghasttraplid_off,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_ghasttrap_off
block:id=%tile.TFTowerDevice,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:TwilightForest/towerwood_encased,face1=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_ghasttraplid_on,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_ghasttrap_on
block:id=%tile.TFTowerDevice,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_reactor_off
block:id=%tile.TFTowerDevice,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_reactor_on
block:id=%tile.TFTowerDevice,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_reappearing_off

# %tile.TFTowerTranslucent:* (tile.TFTowerTranslucent), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFTowerTranslucent
block:id=%tile.TFTowerTranslucent,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_reappearing_trace_off
block:id=%tile.TFTowerTranslucent,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_reappearing_trace_on
block:id=%tile.TFTowerTranslucent,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_built_off
block:id=%tile.TFTowerTranslucent,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_built_on
block:id=%tile.TFTowerTranslucent,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_antibuilt
block:id=%tile.TFTowerTranslucent,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:minecraft/bedrock,face2=0:minecraft/netherrack,face3=0:minecraft/bedrock,face4-5=0:minecraft/obsidian
block:id=%tile.TFTowerTranslucent,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/gold_block
block:id=%tile.TFTowerTranslucent,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/diamond_block
block:id=%tile.TFTowerTranslucent,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_reappearing_trace_off

# %tile.TFTrophy:* (tile.TFTrophy), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFTrophy
block:id=%tile.TFTrophy,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/soul_sand

# %tile.TFShield:* (tile.TFShield), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFShield
block:id=%tile.TFShield,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:TwilightForest/shield_inside,face1-5=0:TwilightForest/shield_outside
block:id=%tile.TFShield,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:TwilightForest/shield_outside,face1=0:TwilightForest/shield_inside,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/shield_outside
block:id=%tile.TFShield,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/shield_outside,face2=0:TwilightForest/shield_inside,face3-5=0:TwilightForest/shield_outside
block:id=%tile.TFShield,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:TwilightForest/shield_outside,face3=0:TwilightForest/shield_inside,face4-5=0:TwilightForest/shield_outside
block:id=%tile.TFShield,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:TwilightForest/shield_outside,face4=0:TwilightForest/shield_inside,face5=0:TwilightForest/shield_outside
block:id=%tile.TFShield,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-4=0:TwilightForest/shield_outside,face5=0:TwilightForest/shield_inside
block:id=%tile.TFShield,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/shield_outside

# %tile.TFTrophyPedestal:* (tile.TFTrophyPedestal), render=twilightforest.client.renderer.blocks.RenderBlockTFPedestal(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFTrophyPedestal
block:id=%tile.TFTrophyPedestal,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top,face2=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_naga,face3=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_lich,face4=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_hydra,face5=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_urghast
block:id=%tile.TFTrophyPedestal,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top,face2=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_lich,face3=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_hydra,face4=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_urghast,face5=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_naga
block:id=%tile.TFTrophyPedestal,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top,face2=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_hydra,face3=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_urghast,face4=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_naga,face5=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_lich
block:id=%tile.TFTrophyPedestal,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top,face2=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_urghast,face3=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_naga,face4=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_lich,face5=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_hydra
block:id=%tile.TFTrophyPedestal,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top,face2=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_naga,face3=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_lich,face4=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_hydra,face5=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_urghast
block:id=%tile.TFTrophyPedestal,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top,face2=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_lich,face3=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_hydra,face4=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_urghast,face5=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_naga
block:id=%tile.TFTrophyPedestal,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top,face2=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_hydra,face3=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_urghast,face4=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_naga,face5=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_lich
block:id=%tile.TFTrophyPedestal,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top,face2=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_urghast,face3=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_naga,face4=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_lich,face5=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_hydra
block:id=%tile.TFTrophyPedestal,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top,face1=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top_active,face2=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_naga_active,face3=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_lich_active,face4=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_hydra_active,face5=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_urghast_active
block:id=%tile.TFTrophyPedestal,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top,face1=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top_active,face2=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_lich_active,face3=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_hydra_active,face4=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_urghast_active,face5=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_naga_active
block:id=%tile.TFTrophyPedestal,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top,face1=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top_active,face2=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_hydra_active,face3=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_urghast_active,face4=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_naga_active,face5=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_lich_active
block:id=%tile.TFTrophyPedestal,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top,face1=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top_active,face2=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_urghast_active,face3=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_naga_active,face4=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_lich_active,face5=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_hydra_active
block:id=%tile.TFTrophyPedestal,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top,face1=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top_active,face2=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_naga_active,face3=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_lich_active,face4=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_hydra_active,face5=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_urghast_active
block:id=%tile.TFTrophyPedestal,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top,face1=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top_active,face2=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_lich_active,face3=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_hydra_active,face4=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_urghast_active,face5=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_naga_active
block:id=%tile.TFTrophyPedestal,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top,face1=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top_active,face2=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_hydra_active,face3=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_urghast_active,face4=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_naga_active,face5=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_lich_active
block:id=%tile.TFTrophyPedestal,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top,face1=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top_active,face2=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_urghast_active,face3=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_naga_active,face4=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_lich_active,face5=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_hydra_active

# %tile.TFAuroraBrick:* (tile.TFAuroraBrick), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFAuroraBrick
block:id=%tile.TFAuroraBrick,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:minecraft/quartz_block_bottom,face1-5=0:minecraft/quartz_block_top

# %tile.TFUnderBrick:* (tile.TFUnderBrick), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFUnderBrick
block:id=%tile.TFUnderBrick,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/knightbrick
block:id=%tile.TFUnderBrick,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/knightbrick_mossy
block:id=%tile.TFUnderBrick,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/knightbrick_cracked
block:id=%tile.TFUnderBrick,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/knightbrick

# %tile.TFThorns:* (tile.TFThorns), render=twilightforest.client.renderer.blocks.RenderBlockTFThorns(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFThorns
block:id=%tile.TFThorns,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/brown_thorns_top,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/brown_thorns_side
block:id=%tile.TFThorns,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/green_thorns_top,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/green_thorns_side
block:id=%tile.TFThorns,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:TwilightForest/brown_thorns_side,face4-5=0:TwilightForest/brown_thorns_top
block:id=%tile.TFThorns,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:TwilightForest/green_thorns_side,face4-5=0:TwilightForest/green_thorns_top
block:id=%tile.TFThorns,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/brown_thorns_side,face2-3=0:TwilightForest/brown_thorns_top,face4-5=0:TwilightForest/brown_thorns_side
block:id=%tile.TFThorns,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/green_thorns_side,face2-3=0:TwilightForest/green_thorns_top,face4-5=0:TwilightForest/green_thorns_side
block:id=%tile.TFThorns,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/brown_thorns_side
block:id=%tile.TFThorns,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/green_thorns_side

# %tile.TFBurntThorns:* (tile.TFBurntThorns), render=twilightforest.client.renderer.blocks.RenderBlockTFThorns(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFBurntThorns
block:id=%tile.TFBurntThorns,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/burnt_thorns_top,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/burnt_thorns_side
block:id=%tile.TFBurntThorns,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:TwilightForest/burnt_thorns_side,face4-5=0:TwilightForest/burnt_thorns_top
block:id=%tile.TFBurntThorns,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/burnt_thorns_side,face2-3=0:TwilightForest/burnt_thorns_top,face4-5=0:TwilightForest/burnt_thorns_side
block:id=%tile.TFBurntThorns,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/burnt_thorns_side

# %tile.TFThornRose:* (tile.TFThornRose), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFThornRose
block:id=%tile.TFThornRose,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:TwilightForest/thornRose

# %tile.TFLeaves3:* (tile.TFLeaves3), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFLeaves3
block:id=%tile.TFLeaves3,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:minecraft/leaves_oak
block:id=%tile.TFLeaves3,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:minecraft/leaves_spruce
block:id=%tile.TFLeaves3,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:minecraft/leaves_birch
block:id=%tile.TFLeaves3,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:minecraft/leaves_jungle
block:id=%tile.TFLeaves3,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:minecraft/leaves_oak
block:id=%tile.TFLeaves3,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:minecraft/leaves_spruce
block:id=%tile.TFLeaves3,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:minecraft/leaves_birch
block:id=%tile.TFLeaves3,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:minecraft/leaves_jungle
block:id=%tile.TFLeaves3,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:minecraft/leaves_oak
block:id=%tile.TFLeaves3,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:minecraft/leaves_spruce
block:id=%tile.TFLeaves3,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:minecraft/leaves_birch
block:id=%tile.TFLeaves3,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:minecraft/leaves_jungle
block:id=%tile.TFLeaves3,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:minecraft/leaves_oak
block:id=%tile.TFLeaves3,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:minecraft/leaves_spruce
block:id=%tile.TFLeaves3,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:minecraft/leaves_birch
block:id=%tile.TFLeaves3,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:minecraft/leaves_jungle

# %tile.TFDeadrock:* (tile.TFDeadrock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFDeadrock
block:id=%tile.TFDeadrock,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/deadrock_surface
block:id=%tile.TFDeadrock,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/deadrock_cracked
block:id=%tile.TFDeadrock,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/deadrock_solid
block:id=%tile.TFDeadrock,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/deadrock_surface

# %tile.DarkLeaves:* (tile.DarkLeaves), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFDarkLeaves
block:id=%tile.DarkLeaves,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:TwilightForest/darkwood_leaves2
